Sorry I'm late.
Make you feel wronged
It's okay, Du
You are finally here grandpa
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
It's up to you young people here
Grandpa is getting old
I'll go home first and wait for you to eat, don't worry.
Grandpa must be disappointed in me
Let's go too
Just ignore them.
The person who was beaten by the grandson still wants to leave
Your pores are out of the way
Aren't you just as arrogant as the introduction of the Chen family?
Someone always beats me
Who is this Chen Xiaodao so arrogant?
Even the two young masters dare to fight
If Chen Xiaodao has the guts, you will kill us
Or I'll let you watch
How did the Sun Group get killed by us?
You say die
I said Sun's Group can't